Describe the export to PDF API (#1345)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/50 Common/Object Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/PdfExportDataGridProps.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Properties that can be passed to the **DevExpress**.**pdfExporter**.[exportDataGrid(options)](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Utils/pdfExporter/#exportDataGridoptions) method as a parameter.

Reviewer: > **DevExpress**.**pdfExporter**.exportDataGrid(options)

This is how this method is called in jQuery. Let's make the description more framework-independent:

```suggestion
Properties that can be passed as a parameter to the [exportDataGrid(options)](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Utils/pdfExporter/#exportDataGridoptions) method from the [pdfExporter](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Utils/pdfExporter/) module.
```
